TaskID,ServiceID,ServiceLevelAgreementID,Name,ForBusinessAssoc,ForOperationsAssoc,ForITAssoc,ServiceDeskCategory,ServiceDeskSubCategory,ServiceDeskItem,Description,Comment
127,111,55,Create,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Account,New Account,User accounts are part of the standard setup when a RiverStone associate is hired.  However, there are times when a non-RiverStone associate (e.g. an affiliate associate, external counsel, external support, etc.) requires an account.  A Service request must be entered in order to get one created.  The request must include the individual's name and business reason for the account.  Subsequent request(s) will be required to gain access to applications, data, etc.,
128,111,39,Delete,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Account,Remove Account,User accounts are typically removed as part of the normal Termination process (e.g. a non-RiverStone associate, contractor, etc.), which is triggered by Human Resources based on notification from the appropriate manager.  However, when needed outside of the Termination process, a Service request must be submitted including the individual's name and the date the ID should be disabled.  Note that contractor IDs are terminated as of the specified end of service date and, if the date has not been otherwise specified, it defaults to 30 days from the date it was enabled.,
129,112,44,Create/Update/Remove,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,Distribution List / Group,,Active directory (AD) is a directory service for the network used to authenticate and authorize all users and computers in a Windows domain.  Putting IDs into groups is beneficial to simplify administration and enforce security policies.  AD groups (for distribution lists) are created upon request and are used for a project group, committee, department or unit distribution.,
130,113,56,Name Change,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Associate,Name Change,Any name change must be requested via the Service Desk but before the change can be processed it must be communicated to Human Resources (HR) .  Until HR makes the employment regulation changes, the service ticket is on hold.  After IT is advised by HR that they have completed their process, the name change is completed in Active Directory (AD).,
131,113,55,Transfer,True,True,True,,,Transfer,Associate transfers are processed via a service desk ticket that documents the details of the transfer and the new permissions/access needed accompanied with manager/supervisor approval.  Existing permissions/access (from the old position) will be removed unless required for a specified transition period.  This requirement must be stated in the transfer request.,
132,114,45,Access,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,Database / ODBC,,A Service Desk ticket is required for direct database or ODBC access, detailing the business need for the access, the database name, environment (development, test, production), and the level of access required.  It must be approved by the business manager and the data architect.  Access to the production environment, even if approved, will only be read only.,
133,115,45,Access,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,File / Folder,,A service desk ticket is required to request access to a file/folder on a network share.  The ticket must include the name and location of the data/file, type of access required (read only, modify) and manager approval.  ,
134,116,40,Admin,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Admin,Administration of RiverStone applications (including those in the cloud) is performed internally.  The initial setup is generally handled based on a New Hire request but changes may be needed beyond that initial setup.  These changes may include such things as additional permissions, revisions in approval routing, workflow patterns, etc.  To request any of these, a Service Desk ticket is required with the application name and the details of the change(s).  For changes in routing, all related changes can be included in one ticket and approval is required of the manager at the next level above those changing.  For changes in authority levels, please see your Department Head for the approval requirements.,
135,117,55,Admin,True,True,True,Affiliate Applications,[app name],,Access to affiliate applications is sometimes coordinated through IT and sometimes through representatives in your business departments.  Check with your management to determine the appropriate process.  If the process is within IT, submit a Service request requiring the application name, a description of the request, and (if appropriate) the business need for access.  Service levels will vary depending on the application and its owner.,
136,118,44,Access,False,False,False,Outlook/Email/Lync,Data File/Shared Mailbox,,If access is needed to any accounts other than your own, a Service Desk ticket is needed and HR approval is required.  The details of the service ticket must contain the mailbox to which access is needed, the business purpose for access, the type of access (full access to the mailbox or forwarding of mail), and the duration of the access.  ,
137,118,44,Create,True,True,True,Outlook/Email/Lync,Data File/Shared Mailbox,,Shared mailboxes provide a means to centralize email activity in a single mailbox that can be accessed by several people.  The specified individuals each have direct access but email sent from the mailbox indicates the mailbox as the sender as opposed to the individual.  Creation of a shared mailbox is triggered by a Service request noting the proposed mailbox name, the business need for it, and a list of those who require access.,
138,119,45,Access,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,Other,,Associates can request SharePoint site access for themselves or others (if they are owners of a particular SharePoint site.  Types of access include: 
View:  View SharePoint site pages 
Read:  View SharePoint site pages and read document libraries
Contribute:  Enables users to manage personal views, edit items and user information, delete versions in existing lists and document libraries, and add, remove, and update personal Web Parts.
Design:  Enables users to view, add, update, delete, approve, and customize items or pages in the website.
Full:  Enables users to have full control of the website.

The request must include the site name, access level, and business reason for the request.  Approvals are required before access is granted.  Design and Full levels of access are restricted to administrators or CIO approval.  All other levels require the approval of the site owners.,
139,119,40,Create,True,True,True,Applications,SharePoint,Project,New SharePoint sites may be required/desired for a number of reasons - new projects, new acquisition efforts, new departments, sub-sites within a department, etc.  A Service request is required for this, defining the proposed site name, the business need, the site owner, and the known access requirements.  Approval is also required from either the Acquisitions Team management (for new acquisition sites), Release Management (for new project sites), or the appropriate Department Head (for all other).,
140,119,39,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Applications,SharePoint,Issue/Problem,Other than access, anything needed on an existing site can be requested via the Service Desk.  This would include issues (such as navigation errors, documents not opening properly, etc.) as well as enhancements (new lists or libraries, etc.).  Enhancements will require site owner approval.  ,
141,120,38,Reset,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Account,Locked Out,If the Password Reset Portal fails to reset your password for any reason, assistance can be obtained by calling the Help Desk at 1-603-656-2515 or via a Service request (submitted by a colleague), specifying the ID and a description/cause of the portal's failure.,
142,121,39,New Badge,True,True,True,Building Security Badges,New,,New badges are issued to associates as a part of the onboarding process.  However, Service requests are required to obtain badges for contractors or other users who do not go through the onboarding process.  Short-term visitors are required to check in at the office's main Reception Desk to sign in and obtain a temporary badge and they must also be accompanied by a RiverStone associate while in the building. ,
143,121,39,Replace Badge,True,True,True,Building Security Badges,Replacement / Lost,,Lost security badges should be reported to the Service Desk immediately for deactivation to prevent unauthorized building/office access and also reduce the opportunity of theft.  A replacement ID will be issued and a guest ID may be temporarily assigned.,
144,122,55,New Hire,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Account,New Account,A Service request, submitted by a Human Resource representative, is required to trigger the full setup of a new member of the organization.  This request triggers the creation of a new network account, the desk and equipment setup, access to the standard desktop applications (including Outlook and Lync), and any other basic necessities to enable full productivity on the person's first workday.  If appropriate information is provided, application access can also be set up, though this typically requires additional Service requests later in the process.  A two week lead time is required to ensure the full setup and configuration for that first day.  Once the setup is complete, a Welcome document is created for the new associate that contains the following:
Associate name
Department and Supervisor name
Start Date
E-mail address
Account credentials
Telephone information
Password requirements
Service Desk link
Guide to working remotely
Password Portal Reset link/instructions,
145,122,38,Termination,True,True,True,User Account/Password lockout,Account,Remove Account,When the work arrangement ends for a member of the organization, the manager must notify Human Resources.  Human Resources will then submit a Service request to trigger the process that disables the network account, eliminates all access, and allows for the redeployment of equipment and licenses.  This request must include the individual's name and the termination date.  All access will be shut down at the end of business on that specified date.,
146,123,52,Admin,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Admin,Administration of RiverStone applications (including those in the cloud) is performed internally.  The initial setup is generally handled based on a New Hire request but changes may be needed beyond that initial setup.  These changes may include such things as additional permissions, revisions in approval routing, workflow patterns, etc.  To request any of these, a Service Desk ticket is required with the application name and the details of the change(s).  For changes in routing, all related changes can be included in one ticket and approval is required of the manager at the next level above those changing.  For changes in authority levels, please see your Department Head for the approval requirements.,
147,123,53,Enhancement,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Enhancement,A Service Desk request can be submitted by any associate to suggest an enhancement to one of our business applications.   The request should contain:
Application name
Proposed enhancement
Value added by the enhancement
Any other pertinent information or benefits of the enhancement
The request is submitted directly to Release Management who will coordinate some level of cost-benefit analysis and then work with the business for approval and prioritization.  If approved, it will then be assigned to a Release cycle and will be treated as a mini-project.,
148,123,50,Install,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Install/Configure,Access to applications is requested via the Service Desk.  These requests are typically for installations of applications to the user desktop specific to the Department/Business Unit (but not on the standard image).  The request must include the name of the application, level of access (if appropriate) and manager approval.  This type of request can usually be completed within 2 business days (after approval is received).  However licensing issues may extend this to 3-5 business days.  Quote for license purchase, manager approval, and purchase order generation would extend the completion time of this type of request.,
149,123,39,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Issue/Problem,Solutions to some issues/problems can be found in the Service Desk.  To check, enter the Service Desk, select the Solutions menu, and search for your problem using relevant keywords in the search box.  For any issues or problems with no solution available, a Service Desk request should be entered indicating:
Application Name
Nature of the issue/problem
Priority
The request will be triaged and routed to the appropriate group for resolution.  The listed SLO is focused on the response only as the actual resolution will depend entirely on the cause and resolution.,
150,123,39,Process Support,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Process Support,Business processes are generally defined in training documents (see your department's location for Job Aids) or in the Service Desk (select the Solutions menu and search for your process using relevant keywords).  However, if answers cannot be found and assistance is needed, a Service Desk request can be entered.  This request should include:
Application
What is needed
Priority,
151,117,44,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Affiliate Applications,[app name],,Submit a service desk request if you are unable to connect to an affiliate application (assuming you have received an account with appropriate permissions).  If you do not have access but need it, see Affiliate Applications under Accounts and Access.,
152,124,39,Deployment,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Scheduled Job Change,When making functional changes (as opposed to scheduling changes) to a batch job, the deployment of those changes must be requested via the Service Desk and will be handled by the DBA.  The request must include enough information for the DBA to effectively review and deploy the changes without risking the environment.  Therefore, business reason, change description, and deployment instructions should all be included as well as the ticket number of the request that triggered the change.,
153,124,39,Enhancement,True,True,True,Production Support,Batch Job,,A Service Desk request is required for any change, functional or scheduling, to an existing batch job.  Requests for new jobs may also be needed but these will usually be an output of other projects or changes where IT determines the need for the batch job and the separate request is not required.  Depending on the scope of the request, it may be directed through the Release Management process.  However, scheduling changes, revisions for quick production needs, and other smaller efforts may be handled immediately by the Production Support team.  The Service Level may vary based on the type of request.,
154,125,41,Code Migration - Test,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Code/Environment changes (Dev to test),Developers generally have full access rights to the development environment to directly make changes within the database.  However, depending on the extent of the changes, an architectural and/or code review is also required.  When ready, the migration to the test environment must be requested via the Service Desk and performed by a DBA.  The request must include enough information for the DBA to effectively review and deploy the changes without risking the environment.  Therefore, business reason, change description, and deployment instructions should all be included as well as the approvals from the reviews and the ticket number of the request that triggered the change.,
155,125,32,Code Deployment - Prod,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Code/Environment changes (Test to production),When a change to a database has been fully tested and has received all necessary approvals for promotion to production, the promotion process is requested through the Service Desk and performed by the DBA.  The request must include the approvals as well as the ticket number of the request that triggered the change.  The deployment to production will then require final approval by the Release Manager and will generally (though not always) be performed within the scope of a release (the first Thursday of each month).,
156,125,39,Backup,True,True,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Backup,All production databases are scheduled to be backed up on a nightly basis.  In general, the Sunday version is a full backup and the rest are incremental.  If a backup is required outside of these criteria (e.g. a test database, a mid-day backup, a full backup during the week, etc.), it must be requested via the Service Desk and performed by a DBA.  The request must include the purpose of the backup so the DBA can ensure all appropriate measures are taken to meet the need.,
157,125,39,Restore,True,True,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Database Restore,There are occasions when a database needs to be restored.  It could be due to error, accidental change/delete, executed as part of a back out plan during code promotion or a refresh of an environment from production (to development or test).   When a database restore is necessary, a service request is submitted indicating the target database (environment, server name and database name);  the source database (environment, server name, database name, and date of the backup); the priority; and appropriate approvals.  The level of approval will vary depending on the impact of the restore.
Server levels will vary based on the location of the backup.  If it has been sent off site, time is needed for retrieval.  However, if it is on-site, the restore can be done same day.,
158,125,39,Archive,True,True,True,Database Administration/SQL,File / Folder,Move/Archive,If a database needs to be archived to tape or to the archive server (MANPRODDATA04), a Service request is required.  Manager approval is required.  Minimum service ticket information is:  
Current server name
Database name
Reason for archiving (e.g. no longer needed but must be retained, decommission, etc.)
Retention date, if known
If a database needs to be moved to another location, the new location must be specified so that appropriate access is established.  Unless specified, access to the new location is assumed to be the same as the old location.,
159,125,39,SSRS Reports,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Reports,,Developers generally have full access rights to create an SSRS report in the development environment and then move it into the test environment.  However, in order to get it deployed to production, a service request is required.  The request must include the script generated by the SSRS scripter tool as well as the number of the ticket that triggered the effort.,
160,125,39,Admin,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Administrative Procedure,The majority of changes to a database are categorized as coding changes.  However, there may be administrative changes that need to be tracked differently, such as space or buffer parameters or other similar items.  These changes require a service request which must include the server and database names, the change, and the reason for the change.  The request will also require architectural approval.,
161,125,39,Data Change,False,True,True,Database Administration/SQL,Database,Data Change,Most changes to data will be accomplished through either the business application user interface, a data import process, or a basic ETL function.  However, there are occasional instances where other data must be updated outside of those processes (e.g. a bug created a problem or a UI has not been developed yet).  In those cases, a service request is required.  The request must include the database and environment names, a clear explanation as to what needs to change and why and, where possible, a script to simplify the update process.  This change will require management approval.,
162,126,39,Restore,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,File / Folder,,If a file or folder is inadvertently deleted, a restore can be requested via the Service Desk.  The request must include the file/folder name and path, the time of deletion (or estimate if exact time is not known), and the preferred point in time of the restore.  The file will be restored to its original location unless a different target is specified.  Depending on the file being restored and the impacts of the restore, approvals may be required.,
163,126,39,Create,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,File / Folder,Create folder/share,A service desk ticket is required if you need a new folder and/or share created and you do not have access to do so.  The ticket needs to include the name of the folder/share, the associates that  need to access the data, the level of access they need and the location of where the folder/share needs to be created.  Manager approval is necessary.,
164,126,39,Backup,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,File / Folder,Backup,Files and folders are backed up nightly and kept on tape for eight weeks.  If  you need a backup that does not meet this schedule, submit a service desk ticket with as much information about the file/folder that you can provide.  The full path (location) of the file and/or folder name is required.  ,
165,127,1,Reports,True,False,False,BIU AdHoc Request,Other (please specify),,A service request is required to obtain a new report.  The request must contain the source(s) of the data (system, application, and/or database name) and the data fields required on the report.  Depending on the request, it may go through the release management process for approvals, prioritization, resourcing, and scheduling. ,
166,128,1,New Report,False,True,False,,Other,,A service request is required for a new report to be created.  The request must include the standard BRD form.  The coding effort will then go through the release management process for approvals, prioritization, resourcing, and scheduling.,
167,128,1,Enhancement,False,True,False,,Other,,A service request is required for revisions to existing reports.  Depending on the extent of the changes, the request may require a full BRD document.  If the change is urgent, it will be addressed immediately.  Otherwise, it will go through the release management process for approvals, prioritization, resourcing, and scheduling.,
168,128,37,Deployment,False,False,True,Database Administration/SQL,Reports,,When an SSRS report is ready to be promoted to production, a service request to the DBA is required.  The request must include the approvals as well as the ticket number of the request that triggered the change.  The deployment to production will then require final approval by the Release Manager and will generally (though not always) be performed within the scope of a release (the first Thursday of each month).,
169,129,52,Storage,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Cubical Work,Shelves/File Cabinets,If anything is needed related to storage (moving or fixing of shelves, a need for or a problem with a credenza or file cabinet, etc.), a service request is required.  The request must detail the location and the need.,
170,129,54,Desktop,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Cubical Work,work space adjustments,If a desk height needs to be altered or there are problems with the desk or walls, a service request is required.  The request must detail the location and the need.
,
171,129,52,Equipment,True,True,True,Hardware,Equipment Move,,If an individual is moving to a new desk, a service request is required to coordinate the move.  This request must include the old location, the new location, and a summary of what is moving and, if appropriate, any other needs in the new location (desk adjustment, etc.).  It must also include the desired move date/time.  If assistance will be needed to set up the equipment after the move, that should also be specified.,
172,130,44,Ballasts,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Electrical,Ballasts,Submit a service request to have ballasts replaced in a fluorescent light fixture.  The request must include the location of the problem.,
173,130,44,Light Bulbs,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Electrical,Light bulbs,Submit a service request to have a light bulb replaced.  If it is for one of the lights in the ceiling, the location and type of bulb must be specified.  If the bulb is for your desktop lamp, please use the Supplies/ARO > Office > Supplies option.,
174,131,42,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,HVAC,Contactors,Most HVAC issues will be detected due to the temperature in the room/area.  However, some may be identified before the temperature change is noticeable.  Submit a service request for any HVAC issues, specifying the location of the issue and any other pertinent information available.,
175,132,39,Doors,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Maintenance,Doors,All access doors close automatically.  There are times when a door may not fully close and becomes a security risk or causes the building alarm to summon the police to a potential break in.  Submit a service request to report a door issue, specifying the location of the door and what the issue is.,
176,132,39,Environment,False,False,False,Building/Workspace requests,Room or Resource,Environmental,Any environmental issues (odors, leaks, flooring, etc.) not falling in another specified service but which could lead to safety concerns or other hazards should be reported through a service request.  The request must contain the room or area and description of the problem.  If the situation requires immediate attention, please call Facilities at 603-656-2280.,
177,132,39,Other,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Other,,Submit a service request for any facilities issues that may be hazardous and/or need attention and are not specifically listed under the facilities categories,
178,133,39,Garage Doors,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Parking/Garage,Garage Doors,The garage doors are opened with a building security badge and are closed automatically based on a timer.  Issues with them closing properly could allow unauthorized access, creating a potential security risk to personnel, their vehicles, and other property.  There is a button on the side of each door that will force the door closed.  However, a service request should be submitted immediately to report any issues with the doors functioning properly.,
179,134,42,Drains,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Plumbing,Drain Maintenance Chemicals,Any issues with drains (whether in kitchen / break room areas, restrooms, or locker rooms) should be reported by submitting a service request indicating the location and description of the problem.,
180,134,42,Pipes,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Plumbing,Pipe,Any issues with pipes (whether in kitchen / break room areas, restrooms, or locker rooms) should be reported by submitting a service request indicating the location and description of the problem.,
181,134,42,Sinks,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Plumbing,Sink,Any issues with sinks (whether in kitchen / break room areas, restrooms, or locker rooms) should be reported by submitting a service request indicating the location and description of the problem.,
182,134,42,Toilets,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Plumbing,Toilet,Any issues with restrooms other than those specifically listed should be reported by submitting a service request indicating the problem and restroom location.,
183,135,39,Environment,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Room or Resource,Environmental,Any environmental issues (room temperature, odors, leaks, flooring, etc.) specific to a conference room should be reported through a service request.  The request must contain the room name/number and description of the problem.,
184,135,44,Configuration,True,True,True,Building/Workspace requests,Room or Resource,Prepared Room for Meeting or Training,A Service request is required for the reconfiguration of a conference room (rearranging or adding tables or chairs, opening/closing the separation wall in the Granite Rooms, etc.).  This request should also be used for any equipment that is needed but is not already in the room or reserved through other means (e.g. Outlook).  Please provide at least 48 hours notice to allow for proper scheduling.,
185,135,1,Equipment,True,True,True,Hardware,[item],Issue/Problem,For problems with any of the equipment in a conference room, see the Hardware/Provisioning section to select the appropriate equipment type.  If equipment is needed but is not already in the room, and can't be reserved through other means (e.g. Outlook), please use the Conference Rooms > Configuration service option.,
186,136,39,Admin,False,False,True,Applications,TFS,Code Migrations,When a new project requiring code management of any kind is initiated, TFS must be updated to document it.  Even on existing projects, coding changes require higher level developers/architects or the TFS administrator to merge/migrate code.  If an architect with appropriate authorities is assigned to the project, he/she will perform the duties as defined by the project.  Otherwise, a service request must be entered in order to get these tasks completed.  The request must include the project name, the specifics about the task(s), and the timing.  It must also be approved by the Project/Release Manager.,
187,137,33,Deployment,False,False,True,Software,Install/Configure,Other,To deploy a desktop or web application in either the test or production environments, a service request is required.  The application must be placed in a predefined staging area in advance of the request.  The request must include the path to that staging area, the target location for the deployment, and any pertinent information required for successful deployment (e.g. specific parameters in a Click-Once deployment).  A production deployment will generally tie into a production release (the first Thursday of each month) and will require release management approvals.,
188,138,39,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Software,Issue/Problem,Outlook,You have a Microsoft Outlook client installed on your laptop PC and/or mobile device that synchronizes with your cloud based account.  You also have web-based email (OWA) access that allows access to your mail from any web browser:  http://portal.microsoftonline.com/.  If you have an issue receiving/sending email or a problem with Outlook functionality, submit a service request defining the problem.  If your Outlook client is down, the OWA access may still be available.  ,
189,138,39,Distribution Groups,True,True,True,Outlook/Email/Lync,Distribution Groups/Addresses,,A distribution group is a collection of user accounts that are managed as a single unit.  Distribution groups are intended for email distribution only and are not valid for security purposes.   A service request is required to create a new distribution group.  The request must contain the proposed name of the distribution group and the names of the members of the group.  Associates may be in multiple distribution groups and existing groups can be combined (nested) to make new groups as needed.,
190,138,39,Shared Mailbox,True,True,True,Outlook/Email/Lync,Data File or Shared Mailbox,,Shared mailboxes allow a specific group of people to monitor and send email from an email alias, like info@trg.com or contact@trg.com.  When a user of the mailbox sends from the shared mailbox, the email appears to be from the shared mailbox, not from the individual user.  This allows a central repository for email or for calendaring purposes for the group.  A service request is required to create a shared mailbox.  It must include a proposed name for the shared mailbox (ex.  SportsAndSocial@trg.com) and the associates that need access to it.,
191,139,39,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Software,Issue/Problem,Lync,Issues/problems with Lync can be reported by submitting a service desk ticket describing the nature of the problem, screenshots (if relevant) and any other information pertinent for troubleshooting.,
192,140,44,Create,True,True,True,Network,FTP,,A service request is required to establish a folder location and credentials for file transfers using MoveIt.  The request must include name of the transfer partner, the name and information for that organization's contact, and those RiverStone associates who also require credentials to the folder.,
193,141,39,External,True,True,True,Network,Connectivity Issue,,If you are unable to access RiverStone's internal network, please use the VPN option.  However, if you are trying to use an external method to access one of RiverStone's cloud applications (e.g. OWA or Service Desk), use this option.  ,
194,141,39,Wi-Fi,True,True,True,Network,Wireless,,If you are onsite and unable to access the network using wireless connectivity, a service request is required to report the issue.  The request must specify the user and which network (public or private) is unavailable.,
195,141,39,VPN,True,True,True,Network,VPN,,VPN (Virtual Private Network) connectivity is used to connect to RiverStone's private network from remote locations.  All associates receive VPN instructions upon hire.  A service request is required to report VPN issues  NOTE:  It is not necessary to use the VPN client if you are out of the office and simply want to check your Outlook email.,
196,141,42,SSO,True,True,True,Network,SSO,,The RiverStone network uses Single Sign-on (SSO) capability provided by a 3rd party (PingOne) to access internal applications such as Guidewire Claims Center and SharePoint, and select external (cloud) applications such as UltiPro, Cornerstone, Acuity, and Service Desk.  SSO provides the benefit of the user not having to retype their user id and password to access SSO enabled applications.  If SSO doesn't appear to be working and you are prompted for a user id and password, a service request is required to report the issue.  It must include the name of the application you are unable to access via SSO.,
197,142,55,ID (Account),False,False,True,Audit Request,Account Audit Set-up,,A service request is required to re-enable an auditor account.  The request must include the purpose, the name of the individual, the duration of the access need, and the start date.  Management approval is required.  This option would also be used if no existing accounts are available and a new one is needed.,
198,142,55,Claims Setup,True,True,True,Audit Request,Claim Audit Set-up,,For those auditors requiring access to the Claims application, it must be specified what access is needed (which claims, etc.).  A service request is required for this purpose.,
199,142,55,Other Setup,True,True,True,Audit Request,Various Audit Set-up,,For those auditors requiring access to any applications other than Claims, it must be specified which application(s) and specific data is needed.  A service request is required for this purpose.,
200,142,55,Equipment,False,False,True,Hardware,Workstation (Laptop, Desktop),Loaner,Some auditors bring their own equipment while other need to borrow a laptop from RiverStone.  A service request is required to reserve a laptop.,
201,143,52,Evidence,True,True,True,Audit Request,Compliance,,When evidence is required for an audit, a service request should be submitted, detailing the artifacts that are needed.,
202,144,47,Setup,True,True,True,Applications,SharePoint,Project,A SharePoint site is needed for each new due diligence/acquisition effort.  A service request is required, specifying the project's code name and the people who will require access to the site.    In addition, a private data room is created for use by both parties and requires a separate service request with the same information (project's code name and access list).  Approval is required from the Acquisitions team management for both types of requests.,
203,144,44,Cleanup,True,True,True,Due Diligence,Other,,Each due diligence effort requires a private data room where information can be shared among representative parties involved in the prospective transaction.  At the end of the effort, the data room will be closed down.  A service request is required to close out the due diligence project and must include the project's code name.  Approval from the Acquisitions team management is needed.  Occasionally, this effort will include email and/or network share searches to delete any data relating to the due diligence.,
204,145,51,E-Mail,True,True,True,Discovery,E-mail,,Access to individuals' E-Mail for discovery purposes requires a service request with Human Resources approval.  The request must include the people who require the access as well as the legal parameters relevant to the request (particularly the time frame in which it is needed).  The SLA is dependent on where the data is.  For example, it will take longer if the data on tapes being stored off-site.,
205,145,51,H: Drive,True,True,True,Discovery,H: Drive,,Access to individuals' personal home drives for discovery purposes requires a service request with Human Resources approval.  The request must include the people who require the access as well as the legal parameters relevant to the request (particularly the time frame in which it is needed).  The SLA is dependent on where the data is.  For example, it will take longer if the data on tapes being stored off-site.,
206,145,51,Other,True,True,True,Discovery,Other,,Access to data not found within individuals' E-Mail or home drives for discovery purposes requires a service request.  This might be laptop hard drives or shared data.  The request must include the people who require the access as well as the legal parameters relevant to the request (particularly the time frame in which it is needed).  The SLA is dependent on where the data is.  For example, it will take longer if the data on tapes being stored off-site.,
207,146,55,Mobile - New,True,True,True,Hardware,Mobile Device,Configuration,A new mobile device requires a service request.  The request must detail the purpose for having the phone as well as the technical needs (in case an iPhone is needed).  Due to the additional monthly cost, it will require manager approval.,
208,146,44,Mobile - Issue,True,True,True,Hardware,Mobile Device,Issue/Problem,This option is for associates who already have a mobile device assigned to them.  If the device has been lost or stolen, it must be reported immediately by calling 603.656.2515.  The line will be suspended immediately and, for security purposes, the device will be wiped clean.  If you just have questions about the use of the device, self help on your topic may be available in the Service Desk Solutions section.  Select the Solutions tab within the Service Desk and do a search using relevant keywords.  If you still have questions or if you are having issues with the phone or service, a service request is required with details of the issue or need.  Associates that frequently travel sometimes have phone issues when travelling internationally (or in different time zones).  The global service number for Verizon is 800-711-8300 and associates can call for assistance, if needed.  IT will still respond to the service request but calling Verizon directly may resolve the issue quicker.,
209,146,44,Desk - New,True,True,True,Hardware,Telephone,Configuration,Desktop telephones are no longer standard issue.  However, if one is desired, it can be requested via a service request.,
210,146,44,Desk - Issue,True,True,True,Hardware,Telephone,Issue,Desktop telephones are integrated with Microsoft's Lync product.  If there is an issue with the phone, it may be the phone itself or it may be Lync.  If there is no dial tone or display on the phone, create a service request using this option.  If the issue is Lync, please use the Communications > Lync Issues option.  ,
211,147,44,Install,True,True,True,Hardware,Printer,Install,If a need arises for a local printer, a service request is required.  The request must detail the need and, if appropriate, any special requirements.  Due to the cost, management approval is required.  IT Engineering will place the order and, when it arrives, will coordinate the installation.  If assistance is needed to map a public printer for your use, see the Service Desk Solutions section.  Select the Solutions tab within the Service Desk and do a search using relevant keywords.  If assistance is still needed, submit service request.,
212,147,49,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Hardware,Printer,Other,If your local printer or any public printer you may be using is not functioning properly (not printing, paper jam, message on the printer, etc.), submit a service request.  The request must include the name or location of the printer and a description of the issue.,
213,147,1,Supplies,True,True,True,Hardware,Printer,Supplies,If your local printer or any public printer you may be using is in need of supplies (e.g. toner, paper, etc.), those supplies can be requested via a service request.  The request must include the name of the printer and the needed supplies.,
214,148,57,New/Replace,True,True,True,Hardware,Workstation (Laptop, Desktop),Load Image & Configure Profile on New or Replacement,Laptop devices may be eligible for replacement once they are three years old.  Persistent problems or a change in needs may warrant a replacement.  To find out, a service request is required detailing the circumstances.,
215,148,47,Loaner,True,True,True,Hardware,Workstation (Laptop, Desktop),Loaner,RiverStone can provide a "loaner" laptop to a person who needs a PC on a temporary basis.  Typically loaners are used for auditors, visiting attorneys, specialists working on a due diligence, etc.  A service request is required to have a loaner set up.  It must include the  user's name, the needed applications and authorities, the date it is needed, and the expected duration.  While IT normally maintains a small inventory of laptops, it is recommended that requests for a loaner are submitted 2 weeks before the laptops is needed.  If a laptop is in stock, it may be possible to provide the loaner within 24-48 hours, depending on what configuration is necessary.,
216,148,39,Performance,True,True,True,Hardware,Workstation (Laptop, Desktop),Performance/Settings,Sometimes problems can occur when you are undocking/docking your laptop.  The laptop may need to be rebooted, the monitors don't display correctly or the machine doesn't appear to be connected.  These issues can be caused by the settings selected on the machine (hibernation, sleep, options on closing the laptop lid and other issues).  Submit a service request if you need assistance with these settings.,
217,148,39,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Hardware,Workstation (Laptop, Desktop),Issue/Problem,Problems periodically occur on workstation devices due to hardware malfunction, software bugs, etc.  Very often, a reboot will resolve the issue so this should always be the first attempt at resolution.  However, if the problem persists and it is more than just performance settings (see the Laptops/desktops > Performance option), a service request is required to get assistance to resolve the issue.  The request must include a detailed account of the behavior of the PC.,
218,149,39,Configure,True,True,True,Hardware,Scanner,Configuration,If assistance is needed to locate, set up or use a scanner, submit a service request with the details of your issue.  ,
219,149,42,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Hardware,Scanner,Other,If the scan function on any of our printers/scanners is not working properly (error message displays, paper jams, etc.), submit a service request detailing the issue.,
220,150,39,New/Replace,True,True,True,Hardware,[item],,A service request is required to obtain new/replacement accessories.  The request must include the type of accessory and the laptop / device for which it is to be used.,
221,151,44,Access,True,True,True,Permissions/Network Data Share Access,Server Access,,Direct access to servers is limited to IT administrators or service accounts set up for specific automated jobs and/or functions and to maintain security and server integrity.  If an associate takes on new administrative duties, a service request is required to provide the access.  This request must specify the person and the details of the role change.  It will require CIO approval.,
222,151,39,Available,True,True,True,Hardware,Server,Availability,If attempts to access a database fail due to what appears to be an issue with server availability, submit a service request to report the problem.  Details of the failure (messages, behaviors, etc.) must be included in the request.,
223,151,47,Create,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Create Server,Submit a service request to have a new server created.  The request must include the proposed server name and will be configured with the standard server configuration (unless otherwise requested in a technical design specification).  The business purpose and approval must also be included in addition to approval by the VMware administrator and/or the Architecture Board.   The new server will be considered for addition to backup and replication to the Disaster Recovery site (mandatory if production server). ,
224,151,55,Decommission,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Decommission,The decommissioning of a server that is no longer in use requires a service request.  The request must include the server name, business purpose and reason for decommissioning.  This request must be approved by the business owner and the VMware administrator.,
225,151,39,Disk Space,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Disk Space,Increasing the disk space on a server requires a service request detailing the server name, the reason behind the increase and the amount of space required.  It will require approval from the VMware administrator and possibly from the CIO, depending on the cost impacts.,
226,151,39,Hard Drive,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Hard Drive,Adding a hard drive to a physical server requires a service request detailing the reason behind the addition.  It will require approval from the VMware administrator and possibly from the CIO, depending on the cost impacts.  If there is a hard drive failure on a physical machine, a service request is required that includes the server name and location.,
227,151,39,Memory,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Memory,Increasing the memory on a server requires a service request detailing the server name, the reason behind the increase and the memory increase needed.  It will require approval from the VMware administrator and possibly from the CIO, depending on the cost impacts.,
228,151,42,Other,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Other,Any revision to a server (configuration change, software upgrade, etc.) requires a service request.  This option covers any revision not explicitly defined elsewhere under Hardware > Server.  The request must include the details of the requested change as well as the reason behind it.  It will require approval from the VMware administrator and possibly from the CIO, depending on the cost impacts.,
229,151,42,Performance,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Performance,Any perceived performance issue on a server should be reported by submitting a service request.  The request must include details of the issue and any error messages (if applicable).,
230,151,39,Reboot,False,False,True,Hardware,Server,Reboot,Servers may need to be rebooted on occasion, whether to complete software installs, clear issues, or to periodically reset the operating environment.  A service request is required to trigger a reboot.  Approval is required from the owners of all impacted applications.,
231,152,39,Virus,True,True,True,Virus/Malware,Possible Virus/Malware,,Any suspected infection or attempted infection should be reported immediately via a service request.  If you suspect an email may be a phishing attempt, do not open it.  Report it immediately so it can be checked out by IT.  If you see odd activity that appears to be a virus of some sort on your PC, disconnect from the network immediately and report it through other means (a coworker or other device).,
232,153,1,Information,True,True,True,,,,The Cybersecurity SharePoint site is dedicated to keeping associates informed about Cybersecurity, potential threats and how to protect yourself and RiverStone information and assets. Go to RiverStone's Home Page and select CyberSecurity under the Corporate Links menu.,
233,155,42,Delivery,True,True,True,Supplies/Mailroom/File Request,Service,,Changes to delivery of mail (location and/or recipient) or any special requests can be requested through a service request.  ,
234,156,42,Supplies,True,True,True,Supplies/Mailroom/File Request,Supplies,,A service request is required, specifying the needed supplies.,
235,157,43,File Request,True,True,True,Supplies/Mailroom/File Request,Policy File Request,,A service request is required if a policy file is needed from storage.  The request must specify the appropriate file identification as well as the person who will be responsible for it when it is checked out.  A request is also required to have the file picked up by ARO and checked back in when it is no longer needed.,
236,157,43,Other,True,True,True,Supplies/Mailroom/File Request,Other,,A service request is required if any data/file other than policy files is needed from storage.  The request must specify the appropriate identification of the data needed as well as the person who will be responsible for it when it is checked out.  A request is also required to have the data/file picked up by ARO and checked back in when no longer needed.,
237,158,42,Admin,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Admin,Administration of RiverStone applications (including those in the cloud) is performed internally.  The initial setup is generally handled based on a New Hire request but changes may be needed beyond that initial setup.  These changes may include such things as additional permissions, revisions in approval routing, workflow patterns, etc.  To request any of these, a Service Desk ticket is required with the application name and the details of the change(s).  For changes in routing, all related changes can be included in one ticket and approval is required of the manager at the next level above those changing.  For changes in authority levels, please see your Department Head for the approval requirements.,
238,158,34,Enhancement,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Enhancement,A Service Desk request can be submitted by any associate to suggest an enhancement to one of our business applications.   The request should contain:
Application name
Proposed enhancement
Value added by the enhancement
Any other pertinent information or benefits of the enhancement
The request is submitted directly to Release Management who will coordinate some level of cost-benefit analysis and then work with the business for approval and prioritization.  If approved, it will then be assigned to a Release cycle and will be treated as a mini-project.,
239,158,47,Training,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Process Support,Business processes are generally defined in training documents (see your department's location for Job Aids) or in the Service Desk (select the Solutions menu and search for your process using relevant keywords).  However, if answers cannot be found and assistance is needed, a Service Desk request can be entered.  This request should include:
Application
What is needed
Priority,
240,159,42,Information,True,True,True,,,,If other avenues have failed to provide the answers you need, a service request can be entered to obtain additional assistance.  The request must include what is needed so it can be assigned to the appropriate service group or technician.,
241,160,48,Create,True,True,True,Applications,[app name],Enhancement,A service request is required to consider project enhancements.  The request should include the project, the enhancement and business advantages that will be derived from the enhancement.  The request will require approval from a Department Head or above.,
242,161,1,Issue/Problem,True,True,True,Hardware,[item],Issue/Problem,,
243,162,36,Ideas,True,True,True,,,,Any ideas on how to utilize new technologies or to utilize older technologies in new ways should be submitted for review by the IT Architecture Board.  A response will be provided for every request received but the SLA (Service Level Agreement) for it will be dependent on the timing of the Architecture Board meetings and agendas.,
244,162,36,POCs,False,True,True,,,,When a Technology Innovation Request has been reviewed by the IT Architecture Board and is considered to have potential business or technical merit, the concept may be scheduled for a Proof-of-Concept.  A Proof-of-Concept consists of written objectives, a design, acceptance criteria, and development / configuration of a solution or prototype.  The solution or prototype is built, and if the acceptance criteria is passed, the Proof-of-Concept may move forward in the form of a Project.  The Project will be assigned a priority determined by Exco with resources and completion/implementation dates assigned.,
245,163,1,Other,True,True,True,Other,Explained in resolution,,Submit a service request with the details of your need.,
